subscribe to the really interesting
game channel where you will find more than 500
video of world of warcraft heroes of the
storm
as well as on dota 2
hello everyone with you metagame and
updated rubric work on bugs
where i'm based on my games
subscribers do not judge anyone for bad
the game and do not hang shortcut i help you
boost your game skill so now
any of you will have a chance to shine in
my video
for this you just need to throw the number
match played in the VKontakte group
in a discussion called work on
mistakes
well now to the main topic of this video
hero today we become witch
doctor who played under the nickname skit
and it is by his example that I will show you
what typical mistakes many make
Supports in the pub considering that supports
This role is not the most popular
as a rule, and experience to this role
the average dota player is not so
and a lot of course everyone knows that we
sort of like they should help our farm
carry wards and buy courier
well and then and then begin the typical
pub support problems for example our
the main character of the video puts two at once
ward at the very beginning of the game despite the fact that
just one ward is enough to
control the rune and see the forest from the side
from the line another important point is this
that hiv doctor is pumped through the mill
email and dict such a skillbild makes sense
when you stand with a hero who
capable of early aggression but since
our line mate is antimag then for
it is primarily important safe
farm meaning that in this case it is better
it would be to pump the treatment instead of we lady
kt and because it allowed anti could
would keep on the line longer and in
largely defend against
Haras opponent further hiv doctor
decides it's time to drive in rq but
in the end, he himself loses half of his health
empty place what's wrong with that
when your character starts to attack
enemy hero being within 500
from enemy creeps then it is automatically
makes them attack us at first
levels creep strikes can take away
significant part of life therefore need
attack either standing away from
creeps either by making a shot right away
retreat back so the enemy does not have time for you
answer further during the game witch
doctor flies to the top to help
to his team with gangs
it turns out quite well but then
he wants to kill so much
hated rikimaru that forgets about
all the rest
and becomes easy prey here stands
start by not having mana even on
I will try to do something under
an enemy tower is definitely a bad idea 2
important
factor that the hero of the video is clearly not
took this health into account
visually it may seem like hiv
doctor and a little over half of life and
that health doesn't seem to be on
critical level
but in fact he only has a little more
300 cp which means the doctor will die
just one hatch and a couple of strikes
Well, on top of the picture we see how
another opponent teleports to
your tower so the very best and
a safe solution would be just
retreat to its base
then another similar situation
happens to hiv doctor a little later on
the course of the game is nevertheless our hero
video not only do not pay attention to
stock of health but also on teleportation
the enemy to the tower so train yourself
every time to watch what hero
teleports to you on line because
what it can tell you in many ways
what will happen next as a whole
one of the main mistakes set
Supports in the pub is what they think
yourself exactly the same heroes as everyone
other people keep playing
familiar manner and then they
suddenly realize that they are just sitting and
die from scratch and the reason is here in
that after quite a bit
of time, the first games support start
noticeably lag behind others
characters giving fom to allied cary they
They do not have any major purchase and
still as a rule and lag behind in level a
because of this they become extremely
vulnerable and moving each time
map or fight you need to remember
that you simply have no chance even for one
wrong move because you just
die in seconds exactly
so you only need to move
behind their teammates and preferably not
glow once again in the open
space where you can see the whole
the enemy team must always be remembered
that hit any camp or prokast
guaranteed to send you to the tavern
another common mistake is when wards
buys only once per game in the
its beginning
and then when on the 7th minute they
end the snow put them
many for some reason forget themselves
then suffering from the fact that there is no map
review and another wrong decision in
In this game, this purchase of dust against Ricky
at least
and allows you to show in business heroes
when they try to run away from us but she
no way protects us from attack we are up
the last moment we will not know what
they will attack us
having dust on your hands while
having placed in advance the center on the map we
we knew perfectly
all movements of invisible enemies and
for rikimaru, we will be taken by surprise
much harder
Well, closer to the end of this game is HIV
the doctor shows us a typical mistake
for many players which i call
spree in spite of the fact that wards
allow you to perfectly see all movements
contender without a doctor decides anyway
that it is time to make some fuss
away from the base and naturally he doesn't
time to return to base
because the enemies have already run to him
over the cut so always remember if you
moved away from your base this is the most
safe way to get back at it
use flowers to teleport
summing up this video is worth saying
that support is not a favorite role for
most players not only because
all the laurels and tripkill and get to others
but also due to the fact that the average
the player plays on support significantly
worse than any other role for many
quite unusual neat and
calculating style of play when for each
small mistake you'll be right there
go to the tavern but i hope that
after this video you can more
carefully assess the situation and take
into account the maximum possible details
which will significantly increase your
game level
and you had a meta game subscribe to
my channel and don't forget to like
if you like this series
and if you want to try it yourself
in the role of the hero of the next video
send your game records to a special
VKontakte theme which you will find by
ssylochku in the description and do not forget
support my channel by buying games
shop metagame shop prices here are just
super if you are interested in the world of
warcraft heroes of the storm and of course
same dota and then on this channel you
definitely have a great time here
You are waiting for a bunch of videos on the most
different topics and all of them together
positive and kind attitude as well
good mood you get
after watching them so do
nice to yourself and the author subscribing to
his channel